# CS305
Gary Clark

Throughout this course, we have been tasked with delivering solutions to a fictional client named Artemis Financial as an employee of a Global Rain, a software design and development company. Artemis managed financial assets of many clients and requested that we evaluate their data security practices and provide them with new solutions to increase trust in their platform. The analysis of the provided code resulted in the determination of many potential risks, but the Dependency Check Report delivered in Project One contained the most beneficial data. In this report, I identified multiple issues with the API's used in the application and the risks presented by API's in this code contained known vulnerabilities in the NIST database. However, through this experience I did learn that some risks are unavoidable stemming from a lack of alternative options. The challenge is instead, how to mitigate and reduce the chance of these issues compromising the system. By successfully mitigating these risks, the assets of the organization will maintain their integrity and the trust in the organization will grow. These are both hallmark traits of a company whose wellbeing is in good standing.

When tasked with increasing the layers of security, it is important to keep the security aspects of the application in thought throughout all stages of the development process. The testing phase is not simply the final stage at the end of the process, rather it is integrated with every other stage in the process. As developers, we must utilize all available tools to test and secure applications while never compromising the integrity of the program to meet deadlines or requests. A specific example from the work done with Artemis Financial was the use of the dependency check report in the Maven plugin combined with the manual review of code. After refactoring the code, these checks must be repeated as with any change in state from the last test, new security issues may arise. My experience in Projects One and Two provided valuable practice using these tools which will help my progression towards a future career. Knowledge and practice are keys to success with any new tools or strategies introduced in a course facilitate the growth of those attributes. These experiences are invaluable for potential future employers who need to see an applicants proficiency in the skills required for a job and the but vulnerability assessment report in Project One will enable the visibility of these skills to my future employer.
